Update README.md (#207)
mspnp/samples: OperationalExcellence/infrastructure-as-code/README.md

To deploy this template using the Azure portal, click this button.

> [![Deploy to Azure](http://azuredeploy.net/deploybutton.png)](https://portal.azure.com/#create/Microsoft.Template/uri/https%3A%2F%2Fraw.githubusercontent.com%2Fmspnp%2Fsamples%2Fmaster%2FOperationalExcellence%2Finfrastructure-as-code%2Fazuredeploy.json)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[![Deploy to Azure](https://aka.ms/deploytoazurebutton)](https://portal.azure.com/#create/Microsoft.Template/uri/https%3A%2F%2Fraw.githubusercontent.com%2Fmspnp%2Fsamples%2Fmain%2FOperationalExcellence%2Finfrastructure-as-code%2Fazuredeploy.json)
```
